	Good morning everyone... this is startup chai teja from GNIT... The project I'm about to present is done by
 our group AI/ML dynamic startup... Our project is about captcha.... Before starting my demo let me discuss 
about brief idea about our project..

	First of all captcha... CAPTCHA 'completely automated public turing machines to tell computers and humans apart'.
as the name suggests captchas are used to tell machines and humans apart.
So practically how is captcha useful..???.. say tickets of your fav concert/band are about to go online.... But some geek from his backyard 
has booked all the tickets using some automated software... Now this guy can sell all those tickets at a much premium price... Soo to avoid
such situations websites use Captchas to make sure nly humans are accessing the website. Captchas help to protect data so prevent scams 
in our online lives.
	
	But we all know how annoying these captchas can be. Often these captchas are not even readable to people. Imagine the situation
of visually challenged? We know that audio captchas are available but not all website implement them. Also when websites use captchas there 
is a considerable drop in the traffic. Since the traffic is income for the websites companies loss huge sums due to captchas.

	So now I'll explain our solution to this. We want to automatically solve captchas without compromising on security. So we are going to 
do this using convolutional neural networking.... ie to be brief we will train our model to recognise different types of captcha letters... Scrap the
captcha image from the website... Give it as input to our CNN model and recognise individual letters and paste it in the text field of the website
THAT IS AUTO CAPTCHA SOLVER... Before any questions raise in your mind let me tell you we have thought about security and we have 
plans how not to compromise it.

	We plan to give the user limited number of "auto captcha solves" before he has to enter his password or use biometrics again like fingerprint.
Thus this will ensure we get rid of the annoyance of captcha while not compromising on security.

	This is our take on annoyances created by captcha in our life. Thank you all for your time. Have a great day😄
	  

